Ideas for mental imagery creating sentences:


1) Vision
Think of the following image, carefully considering the visual image that comes to your imagination. Rate how vividly you can imagine the following:

A deep blue lake.
Ein tiefblauer See

A strawberry.
Eine Erdbeere. 

A dog.
ein Hund.

2) Hearing
Think of each of the following sounds, carefully considering the auditory image that comes to your imagination. Rate how vividly you can imagine each of the following: 

Birds’ singing. 
Vogelgezwitscher

leafs in the wind. 
Blätter im Wind.

A phone falling to the ground.
Ein Handy welches auf den Boden fällt.

Imagine the sound of applause.
Stelle dir das Geräusch von Applaus vor.

3) touch
Think of "feeling" or touching each of the following, carefully considering the tactile image that is in your mind. Rate how vividly you can imagine each of the following

A steel sponge.
Ein Stahlschwamm.

The tickle of a fly on your skin.
Das kitzeln einer Fliege auf der Haut.

What it feels like to run cold water over your hands.
Wie es ist sich kaltes Wasser über die Hände laufen zu lassen.

To run your fingers over braille writing.
Mit den Fingern über Blindenschrift gehen.

The feel of running sand through your hands.
Das Gefühl Sand zwischen den Fingern rinnen zu lassen. 

4) taste
Think of tasting each of the following, carefully considering the gustatory image that is produced. Rate how vividly you can imagine each of the following:

Coffee.
Kaffee.

Seawater.
Meereswasser.

something made of Iron.
Etwas aus Eisen.

Blueberries.
Blaubeeren.

An orange.
eine Orange.

5) smell
Think of smelling each of the following, carefully considering the olfactory image that is produced.  Rate how vividly you can imagine each of the following:

A spicy Curry.
Ein scharfes Curry.

Nail polish remover.
Nagellackentferner

The smell in the air after it had just rained.
Der Duft in der Luft nachdem es gerade geregnet hatte.

Cigarette smoke.
Zigarettenrauch

Coffee.
Kaffee.

Sun protection creme.
Sonnencreme.

Fresh basil.
Frisches Basilikum

6) kinetic
Think of performing each of the following acts, carefully considering the image that forms in your mind, in your arms, legs, lips, etc.    Rate how vividly you can imagine each of the following:

Picking up a penny from the ground.
Eine Münze vom Boden aufheben. 

Pulling a book from a shelf.
Ein Buch aus dem Regal ziehen. 

The movement to chop a carrot with a knife.
Die Bewegung eine Karotte zu schneiden.

Running down the stairs.
Die Treppe runter zu rennen.

7) organic
Think of each of the following sensations, carefully considering the image that comes to your mind. Rate how vividly you can imagine each of the following:

A headache.
Kopfschmerzen.
